sTEAM-server Install Mini-HowTo

Before you start with the intallation you should have the following
packages installed:

1. Pike >= 7.8     (pike.ida.liu.se)
2. mysql           (www.mysql.com)
3. libxml2         (xmlsoft.org/)
4. libxslt         (xmlsoft.org/XSLT)
5. autoconf >= 2.52 (others from 2.5x may work)

build sTeam by running the 'build' script.

Now make sure your User is member of the systems 'mysql' group. 
Afterwards you can start the installation procedure by starting the
install ('./install') file in this directory which will ask a couple
of questions. Depending on your answers a new database and two files
are automatically created: 'config.txt' and 'mount.txt'.
You can change those two files manually if everything went wrong.
It is also possible to run ./configure manually. If configure throws
some error there is probably one of the required packages missing.
Of course its also possible that configure cannot locate it - in that
case please let us know about the problem.

To install the server you just have to run ./install and everything
should go automatically. Optionally you can call that script with the
--prefix parameter. Apart from that its also possible to run
configure and make install in order to set up the steam server.
If anything goes wrong you can start the setup script manually. For example
if the mysqld was not running you can run the ./setup in the install
directory to configure the server.


Now the server should be started with the start-Script in the install
directory. The logfile will automatically redirected to
'logs/server.log'.

Troubleshooting:
Should the following error message be in the logfile:
server/database.pike:43:Failed to index module 'Sql' with 'sql' (module
doesn't exist?) ......

then the File mount.txt needs to be extended by another directory
'/usr' (if the pike binary is in /usr/something):
<mount position="/usr">/usr</mount>

If this doesnt help you pike binary might not feature the mysql
support. You can check your pike features by 'pike --features'. 


Upon successfull installation the logfile should look like this:

Setting defaults... 0seconds
Setting up ports !
Server started on

Webinterface:
If you want to do anything with this coreserver you probably want
to install the webinterface. Check the Readme file of that package
for installation help. Apart from that sTeam is shipped with some package
manager. You can use the tool spm in the installation directory (sub
directory spm). Just call ./spm -i web.spm.gz for example.
